TIF Release Notes
=================

1.0.10 2014/3/21

Fixes
-----
Transforms
            Fix: corrected tif namespace on all select nad matches. 
                 Other mods to comply with schema,
                 
                 
1.0.9 2013/10/22
Fixes
-----
Extractor 
            Fix.Read field display pattern.
            Fix. Read scheduled triggers correctly.
            Fix. Recover correctly when reading a field override that does not
                 exist for a particular field type, e.g. an editability rule 
                 for a computed field or a default for a phase.
            
            
Deployment
            Fix.Correctly process the RichContent flag for long text fields.
                Also allow the TIF to specify false.
            Fix. Correctly set the default columns on releationship fields 
                Specified in both directions in the TIF
            Fix. Set the default query for relationships fields (both directions)
            Fix. Set the field default value.
            Fix. Set the Project description during deploy.
            Fix. Set the document significant edit fields from those specified in the TIF.
            Fix. Correctly process the type attributes: enable delete item, enable revision.

New
---
Extractor
            New. Don't write overrides to the template unless they exist.
                Done for editability, relevance and description.
            New. Read the Shared Category field as an <edit-field> element.
            New. Read pick list index values. 
                Note: API does not allow the reading of the "class" attribute used on the
                Shared Category. This distinguishes between meaningful and non-meaningful content.
            New. Added extraction of type description
            New. Extract the significant edit fields.
            New. When extracting states ignore "unspecified".
            New. When extracting phases ignore "out of phase"

Workbench
            Improvements to the generation of TIF differences.  
            Open two TIF files and selet Tools - Difference.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.0.8 2013/10/06
Fixes
-----
Phase field
    	o Update to schema - enclose in <phases> element..
    	o Read phase field in extractor.
    	o Update script generator
Relationship- Is Multi, variable height rows.
	o Schema. Multivalued. Variable height rows.
	o Reader. Variable Height Rows not supported by API. Trace extracted
	o Deploy. Updated script generator.
Type Attributes - back projects, revisions, deletion, description.
	o Schema. Back project. revisions, deletion
	o Reader. Allow CP, CP policy, backs projects, rev is enabled, delete item, show workflow, show history, time tracking, phase field, label. ü
	o Update script enerator.
State capabilities
	o Schema.
	o Extractor
	o update script generator.
Queries - default columns. 
	o Schema 
	o Reader. 
	o Deploy
Issues
	o Extract trigger parameters (985)
	o Excluse built-in triggers and queries from extraction (981)
	o Corrected extraction of root projects by excluding the initial forward slash (977)
	o Excluse "everyone" group from the extraction (975)


1.0.7 2013/08/01
Features
--------
Added TIF check to cross-check declarations and usage of fields and states.
Added SimpleTM sample. 

Fixes
-----
Removed CLI dependency for reading relationships.
Extract default attachement field for rich text fields.
Corrected Range field support in schema.
Deployment range support consistent with schema.
Extract relationhip default query and column set.
Corrected extraction of logging settings for long text fields.
Deployment - create dummy query for QBRs so that deployment works on a clean database. Previously
relied on All Defects query.
FVA field correctely extracts the type of the backing field.



1.0.6 2013/07/19

Removed dependence on PERl scripts. Moved update of relationships, properties and presentation template
to Java classes in TifUtils.jar.

Added a mechanism to update an existing environment with the latest transforms and external scripts.
See manual.

Added the MDE template to the samples. This shows how to create new domains on top of ALM
(including editing the category field) and editing and existing type (Change Order).

Issue:972
An environment can be created in an existing directory. The directory must not contain
a build.properties file.

Issue:969
Script externalScripts/restoreDB.ksh now takes the name of the db user and password from build.properties.


